data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 5CT Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Bridgeport Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Bristol Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 CCF Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Connecticut Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 CRCOG Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Danbury Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 FairfieldCty Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Greater Bridgeport Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Greater New Haven Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Greater New London Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Greenwich Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Hartford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Meriden Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Middlesex County Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 New Britain Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 New Haven Crosstabs Pub.xls
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 New London Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Norwalk Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Stamford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Valley Region Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 Waterbury Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2015 West Hartford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 5CT Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Bridgeport Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Bristol Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 CCHD Central CT Health District Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Chesprocott Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Connecticut Statewide Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Danbury Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Darien Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 EastHartford Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 EastHaven Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 EHHD Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Fairfield Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 FairfieldCounty Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 FCHT Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Greater Hartford CRCOG Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Greater Waterbury CCF Towns Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 GreaterBridgeport Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 GreaterGreenwich Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 GreaterNewHaven Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 GreaterNewLondon Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Greenwich Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Hamden Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Hartford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Inner Ring New Haven Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 InnerRingHartford Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Manchester Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Meriden Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 MiddlesexCounty Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Middletown Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Milford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Monroe Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NCDHD Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NDDH Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NewBritain Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NewHaven Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NewLondon Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NewMilford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Newtown Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Norwalk Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 NYBorderTowns Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Outer Ring Towns Greater New Haven.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 OuterRingHartford Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Pomperaug Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 PortChesterNY Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Stamford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Stratford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Trumbull Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 ValleyRegion Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Wallingford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 Waterbury Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 WestHartford Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2018 WestHaven Crosstabs Pub.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2020 Connecticut Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Bridgeport_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Connecticut_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Fairfield_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_FairfieldCounty_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_GreaterHartfordCRCOG_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_GreaterNewHaven_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Greenwich_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Groton_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Hartford_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_MiddlesexCounty_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Milford_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Monroe_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_NewHaven_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_NewLondon_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_PortChester_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Stamford_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Stratford_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Trumbull_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_ValleyRegion_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_Waterbury_Crosstabs.xlsx
data-raw/crosstabs/DataHaven2021_WestHaven_Crosstabs.xlsx
